hello everyone today we are going to present the
great game
this is the box is a game 4 the family
has prizes is pretty fun to
play and very simple is very familiar the
time to spend the dead hours
let's go to see how it is already you will see
how easy it is to play come on let's go
fall out
- it's the game mounted
let's see how it develops because
simple to play like the one done before and
let's see how to start and a
cloth bag where we put all the
chips to go welcoming look
the game is about making the most
the number of combinations with
colors that we place we are going to
see what this means on the board
there is
six colors put on it
on the fixed board fixed
then this board is divided
between the white zone
this one that is smaller white gray and this one that
it's a little bit darker when they're two
players perform only the white zone
when they are three players if used
this area too and when they are four it is
tourist highlighting ice
the player starts with six chips
fichitas I will teach how they are
for example
for example they usually come
or different colors or as in this case
Same colors can come out of any
thing we are going to take 6
we have six and there are some slots here
on the board to go putting them for
that our opponent does not see them
it's lucky who starts and why
example, I'll put it here in front
so you can see what are the pieces that
I have
and let's start, let's see
for example for yellow and red
we put it there
the way to score in this game is
pretty simple
the card that we just put does not count
we only cut the combinations that have
with colors that we have the same is
tell
a point
as red to see nowhere
only one point
so what I do move the
my yellow
the game is that until you
fill the board can not move
no letter the purpose of the game is
get advance so many points of all
the colors in the end what is done
when you can not put chips anymore
do a count of
the total point of each color
for example this may end then this
in eleven is to have 14 be in 6 this one
and it will add up, it will look for all the
trillions of 25 etc etc and the one that more
points at the end is the one that wins
always interested then and moving then
all colors and getting points
as quickly as possible once
I have placed a tab what I do is
another steal yours now be the turn
of the other player we would go back to mine and
now let's do
this movement so you can see the
points that points would get
as here I have another yellow would count
a point this never the one that I never put
a point is counted as I have also
put red and here there is also red then
would count another point in total of day 2
points 1 decade that is to say I would move 1 red
and another yellow
or I could choose to make this move
then what I would get would be two
points
this does not count but I have here two
yellows that are online then two
points we are going to make this better for
can move to be able to move also the
red would be a point and a point
I would catch that I would take another tab
I have a double of these
and now for example any move
well here
let's go back here
here I would have two points because
a straight line one point and here another
point that is from here I get a point
because it goes
is united is in the rectum and here another
point because you are straight they would be two
points would move the purple two points
then once we have the
stable mounted
we will take another file
what would this be but let's move now
this time as it would be
I would get here
and 4
that is, I have this side 2 for this
side 1 and on this side another total would be
1 2 3 and 4 would move 4
I would see 6
I would take another file
now it's a green blue
and we are going to move it for example then here
here I would get for example 1 2 and 3
purple
12 repaired
next tab lame would be one of these
and we're going to go for example
here
2 yellow only because as I do not
I have with no side here would be 2
yellows all yellow moving
next turn with a red for example
with what I put here
two reds per move two reds
collecting shifts and once it has already
filled the board it counts all
points in case one of them arrived
16 to 18
I would have an extra shift to move another
tab I arrived on 18 said
with one and put another
as a reward for having reached 18 and
after this well this is the game is
infertile has no more stories
and I hope you like it and enjoy it